Describe supported databases and clouds (#189)
cossacklabs/product-docs: acra/getting-started/availability/_index.md

Alternatively, you can manually [build Acra from sources](/acra/getting-started/installing/installing-acra-from-sources/) under desired platform (though Windows is not supported).

### Cloud infrastructure

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Acra is cloud-agnostic. You can deploy Acra from Docker images to any cloud, or VPS, or physical servers.

```

> Acra supports [Google Cloud Platform](https://cloud.google.com/) (GCP), [Amazon Web Services](https://aws.amazon.com/) (AWS) and [DigitalOcean](https://www.digitalocean.com/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Acra is actively tested and supported on [Google Cloud Platform](https://cloud.google.com/) (GCP), [Amazon Web Services](https://aws.amazon.com/) (AWS) and [DigitalOcean](https://www.digitalocean.com/)
```
